The British navy will be simulatorily either
and we believe that they will be defeated.
Furthermore, as the US and the US have been doing,
as long as the UK is doing the second war with a good spirit,
the Imperial Navy will be able to attack India in a unique way,
and if we concentrate our forces on India,
as I said before, it is inevitable that we will be defeated.
The UK should be called the body of the enemy.
As long as the political party of Churchill is in control of the British Navy,
the British Navy's strategy is to defeat the Dardanelles,
the Malleus, the Conch, and the Ceylon,
and to defeat them immediately.
This is what the original principle of the art of war has been trying to do for a long time.
The Kamabitsu City, the city of the water, is also from there.
The US Navy's commander has a very good point,
as long as the political party of Churchill and Roosevelt are in control of the strategy,
the enemy's strategy will not be defeated.
As long as we are aware of this,
the US Navy will be the first to follow the Dardanelles.
That's all.